okay I want to point out a couple
important flaws that you know about on
this car though all of the quarters
everything else is fine the Trebek lid
at some point had a little ping as if
something small was dropped on it and
what happened is it's sort of put these
stress marks into the paint it's sort of
come out like this and they're also down
in this area here which I know it's hard
to see out here but just be aware that
there's some flaws and imperfections in
the paint on the deck lid then also on
the front there are a couple of stress
marks in the car there's one here and
then there's one right there and then
another one right there and those are
all I could find there are some
imperfections around the car just be
aware it's not a hundred point showed
paint job but there's something on the
paint there I think we'll be able to get
that off it's like a little stain a
little touch-up here you can see there's
a little touch-up there and that I think
will rub out right here but that's a
little touch-up another little stress
mark right here on the top of the pant
you can see that the rubber is a little
bit worn here on the it's kind of
cracked on the windscreen bear in mind
it's an older restoration couple
imperfections back in this area
another stress mark right there little
crack not sure if that's a stress mark
or just a crack in the pain got a
touch-up mark there so we don't want to
give the impression that at some hundred
point showcar it's just a really great
looking driver and you got to get up
pretty close to see this stuff chrome is
really good on a scale of one to ten I'd
probably put the Karamat about no
probably at an eight you know it's a
little aged